Add `use-t-throws-async-well` rule (#278)
avajs/eslint-plugin-ava: docs/rules/use-t-throws-async-well.md

> # Ensure that `t.throwsAsync()` and `t.notThrowsAsync()` aren't called without await

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Ensure that `t.throwsAsync()` and `t.notThrowsAsync()` are awaited
```

When you use the `t.throwsAsync()` and `t.notThrowsAsync()` assertions, you must await the promise they return. If the test function completes before the assertions do the test will fail. Ensure that `t.throwsAsync()` and `t.notThrowsAsync()` aren't called without await(or some other action using returned promise).

## Fail

```js
import test from 'ava';

test('main', t => {
	t.throwsAsync(() => {});
	t.notThrowsAsync(() => {});
});
```

## Pass

```js
import test from 'ava';

test('main', t => {

> 	await t.throwsAsync(() => {});

Reviewer: This is not valid. It should be a promise passed to `t.throwsAsync()`.
